as you're exponentially doing more
things with the eyes, you're going to
start having really bad actions happen.
And we've seen some of that happen
lately with agents accidentally
publishing code and tokens that they
weren't supposed to. Like definitely
enterprises are starting to realize that
that risk is grown exponentially and
that they don't have any way to stop the
adoption. They just now have to do
something to reduce the chance of these
agent actions being illegitimate or
incorrect. But we're allowed to look at
a lot of historical data of how these
agents have behaved. But enterprise
today are not willing to have entropic
or open AI keep that historical data
because they know these are very data
companies that will want to train on
that data.
>> Hi listeners, welcome back to No Priors.
Today I'm here with Maximbar Kogan, the
co-founder and CEO of Onyx Security, an
Israelbased startup of researchers,
mathematicians, and engineers building
agents to watch the AI agents. We talk
about specialized model training,
Mythos, alignment research, and the
Israeli ecosystem in security and now
AI. Welcome, Maxim. Thanks so much for
doing this.
>> Thank you. Pleasure to be here. Everyone
is much more concerned about security
and the impact of AI on security than
they were um certainly a few months ago.
The consensus risk story uh two two
years ago when you started the company
was basically like DLP for chat bots
like what are what are employees putting
into chat GPT. Now we have clearly
something that is not quite panic but
close to marketwide panic. How did you
decide to bet on agent actions um when
you started?
>> Look, I think for us the pivotal point
was uh AutoGPT. I think AutoGPT kind of
a let everyone's imagination including
ours run wild because it was a
>> Can you remind listeners what that was?
>> Sure. So, AutoGPT
um and I'm sorry if I don't know the guy
behind it, but a huge huge fan. H they
created the first as far as I know first
really autonomous agent running on LLMs
right so agent that you know would let
LLM not generate text but decide what to
do and then give that agent an API
access to do that thing a tool to do it
and then would do that in a loop so it
basically in theory could let agents do
very complicated things anything a
person could do on a computer now in
granted it didn't work that well it was
too early. The models were not good
enough. GPT4 was not good enough. But I
think it did give everyone a glimpse
into the future of you know what if the
models were good enough and then
basically using that same structure we
could have very capable agents doing
stuff for us. I think that was in many
ways cloud code today is not dissimilar
to autograph back then. I think they
were a bit early on on again before the
malls were ready but the concept was
right and the thought that stickked with
me was I was very IPL even back then. So
I was uh I was uh thinking oh my god
malls are going to be way smarter than
us when that happens. How do we oversee
these very uh smart uh agents that are,
you know, they're smarter than us?
They're very capable. Uh how we're going
to feel easy about them doing stuff for
us, especially when they start managing
really important stuff, you know, then
one day they're managing your water
supply and your electricity, your uh
power grid, right? How do you control
them? And that was like the thing I was
kind of obsessed about that thought. H I
was also too early. So I think at the
time enterprises were not using any
agents. Uh there were hardly any agents
out there and and talking with a lot of
security buds at the time they were like
oh dude you're way too early like this
is not uh something that's going to
happen as you question. I said is anyone
going to do this before you run out of
money?
And and I think there was a good chance
that uh I would have run out of money
before because I think you were right
like I think it there was an element of
chance here but then I think the market
did happen. So we had suddenly reasoning
models that could do long horizon tasks.
We had a cloud code which became like
the really first
widely used autonomous agent and then we
had co-work and open claw and and I
think we're starting to see now that
these types of agents that are very
autonomous even though they're like uh
everyone was afraid to build them. So
everyone started building these low code
platforms that were much more limited
much more based on connectors. H those
platforms ended up being quite limited.
So that we didn't get the productivity
gains from those limited platforms. But
when we started getting the crazy
benefits from these very unleashed
agents that could do everything that had
much less controls baked into them and
even very large enterprises decided
they're going to adopt it. You know like
tropics revenue is coming from
enterprises that are paying for cloud
code to do a lot of the work that
developers used to do. That was a bit
about kind of how we started and we
definitely were in luck that very
autonomous agents appeared uh before uh
it was too late.
>> So can you describe a little bit just
because it's um I I think both uh close
to impossible and then very useful in
this period of AI to think about what is
deployment right now and then you know
what's changing about capability. What's
the oneliner on what the Onyx product
does today and then like how you think
about long-term vision
>> today? Like Onyx is really
does do two two things. Number one is we
train models and build agents that can
oversee other agents. And the goal of
that is to say, okay, we need someone to
be able to tell that all of these
actions that are now happening by these
AIs that we're adopting are legitimate
because that number the number of these
actions is going exponentially. And so
things that we thought might be useful
in the past like a human in the loop now
that you're going to have 100x, a
thousandx, a millionx of these actions,
h that's not going to work. And then we
take that capability and we basically
productize it in a product that we call
the control plane or the secure control
plane where we come to the present say
hey let's let's find all of your AIS and
autonomous agents and hook them up to
onyx to this system where we can oversee
what your eyes are doing so that uh you
don't run into the risk of as you're
exponentially doing more things with the
eyes you're going to start having really
bad actions happen and and we've seen
some of that happen lately with down
times that were caused by a just doing
the wrong thing, agents accidentally
publishing code and tokens uh that they
weren't supposed to and so on. So like
definitely enterprise are starting to
realize that that risk is growing
exponentially and that they don't have
any way to stop the adoption. So like
they just now have to do something to
reduce the chance of these agent actions
being uh illegitimate or incorrect.
Yeah, I I think um the one of the core
reasons obviously the foundation model
labs are going after code is because it
is very powerful in general and can do
you know in theory all things software
can uh over time. Um the flip side of
that is it can do all things software
can right and so uh I joyously am
already in the camp of having allowed a
having been over permissive with my
agents such that it deleted data
permanently and caused rework. So I'm
like oh okay I think I see I need some
guardian guardian spirits around it. Um
given your deployments today and talking
to large enterprises what is the state
of deployment right? uh like how much do
you see that's within these uh more
scoped like studio-l like platforms
versus uh you know uh free free riding
coding agents you know how how much are
you actually seeing in large enterprises
in different sectors
>> yeah so I think right now in our typical
enterprise we're going to see if we
break it down to three categories so we
break it down to
various SAS platforms that are typically
more low code uh where people build
agents in this drag and drop way and
they're not really autonomous agents,
right? They're kind of the simp kind of
I would think of them more as
automations and then there are um first
party agents people are building in
their cloud potentially because it's an
application they want inside the company
or even a product they're planning to
release to the customers that is
agentic. And then the third category is
very autonomous coding agents and
assistants. Of these categories, I would
say roughly at this point over 50% is
the autonomous uh coding agents and
assistance in the average enterprise.
Then probably 45%
is is those uh uh low code automations.
And the last 2% are really the first
party ones that they're building
themselves because obviously it's much
harder to build effective agents. So,
and it's much easier to adopt agents off
the shelf or or build them with low
code. So, and that's what we're seeing
and we're inducing that the autonomous
are also the fastest growing category.
So, it used to be that only developers
and we would see cloud code growing like
fire in our customer base and now we're
seeing a cloud co-working even faster.
We're starting to see to our own
surprise actually people adopting
openclaw as a legitimate sanctioned tool
in the company because the CEO is very
driven to adopt AI. H so I think that
today autonomous ads are by far the
fastest growing category and and
>> [clears throat]
>> uh today typically comes without any
controls. So enterprises uh already buy
let's say a hundred billion dollars of
security today. Um they have uh lots of
different protections at the endpoint
and network and cloud and identity
domains. Uh
what's relevant here for securing agents
or is none of it like how do you how do
you think about the existing protection
set? Security is always a space where
you have some overlap between different
tooling
but in this and you have the concept of
defensive debt as well. So you want to
have defenses at different levels of
your technology stack to solve the
problem. And that said, I think in this
space we're kind of in a lot of
enterprise are are kind of helpless
because I'll take an example the
identity approach. Like traditionally if
we have an software system that's
running in our company we'll our first
and most important control will be to
limit what permission it has right
because and then no matter what even if
it goes wrong even if it's compromised
it can't um typically do stuff that was
originally allowed to do but with these
autonomous AIs with these assistants
with these coding agents we kind of want
them to have our permissions because we
want to we want to tell cloud co to do
something or cloud co-work to do
something and we want to then go have
lunch and we want to come back and see
that it's done and
we want to give it so many diverse tasks
as well that we kind of can't find the
right set of permissions to do so
suddenly our identity security software
is not very useful then if you think
about endpoint security right or or API
security like if we tell our cloud code
that we want to recreate a database and
it should delete it and recreate it.
That's great. That's going to save our
DevOps team and our platform teams a lot
of time. It's it's a great benefit of
cloud code. But if cloud code is working
on an unrelated task and suddenly thinks
that maybe the right thing to do is to
delete our database and recreate it,
maybe we don't want that to happen. And
unfortunately our endpoint providers or
API security tools, they don't know what
cloud was thinking. why is it doing what
it's doing? Right? So, a lot of these
existing tools, they don't have the
context to understand what these very
flexible, unpredictable systems are
doing. If you're not building some kind
of controls that are built for these
systems, then you're either going to end
up limiting them a lot, making them
almost uh much less useful to the
enterprise, or uh you're going to miss a
lot of pretty dangerous things that they
might be doing. As somebody who has
worked in security for a long time, my
first very traditional instinct on a
problem like this is like that sounds
like a problem for a proxy with a policy
engine. We make some rules, we make the
rules smarter. Like why why doesn't that
work or did you did you try it?
>> There are few things that I mean proxies
integration method I would say. So
there's some there are some AI systems
where like you would want to integrate
with a proxy if that's the easiest way
to do it. But number one, there's a lot
of systems where that's just not viable
technically because AI today runs on the
cloud on someone else's infrastructure
on your endpoint and just proxy is not
always an option. And the second thing
is the question okay great you're
proxying so you're seeing the data
you're seeing but that's not the hard
problem. The hard problem is
understanding if what I should do now it
turns out that in the case of AI systems
that is the hard question like what is
the engine that needs to underwrite
these different actions and say if
they're okay or not and because
we need to be able to understand what
another system is thinking what is it
planning to do and then have our own
opinion on that and consider we're we're
trying to understand if some of the
smartest models in the world are doing
the right thing so who for we to do it,
how are we going to do it correctly,
right? And so that turns out to be a
really difficult technical question.
>> Part of the solution for Onyx has been
training its own models like what can
you say about that?
>> If you if you tried today, let's say you
were trying to build a solution to
oversee and kind of control how other
agents are operating, may maybe the
first thing a lot of our listeners might
think is say, well, I'll just ask cloud
code to do it. and and and in in a sense
they would be right because cloud code
is great and maybe we can ask it to
spawn a version of itself for every
agent that we have and kind of keep
monitoring everything that agent is
starting to do and if you think that
there's a problem um intervene. So that
approach it has obviously it's pretty
naive and there are some ways in which
it totally fails we could talk about but
it has some merit to it right. So it
does seem intuitive that it's a good
idea to have uh capable agents reviewing
what other agents are doing. Same as we
have capable humans reviewing what other
humans are doing, right? But then the
problems that you're going to run into
is how do I make this work from a uh
cost, latency,
and reliability perspective? Because if
I need to run an agent for every agent
you're running as your security vendor,
h you're going to be paying for me more
than you're paying for your AI, right?
So it's not it's pretty much a
dealbreaker and also it's going to be so
slow. So you're not going to be happy
with whatever latency you're going to
get. And so the challenge then becomes
to how do I know what are the times
where I need to interject with these
smart agents to look at what's happening
and that's when actually what you want
to do is you want to try to train very
smart models that are um actually let me
correct said very not smart models but
models that are just good at one thing.
They're very small. They're they almost
can't do anything else other than be
able to say, "Should I have a smarter
agent? Look at this." And if you manage
to bake in that intuition into those
small models, well, in the sense that
they don't miss a lot of stuff and they
don't call that other agent too much,
then you can get to a really good
balance of we're very performant. We
have smart agents overseeing things when
needed,
but we're not uh but our costs are low
and our latency is low. And then that
becomes the challenge because you need
to make sure that as the frontier models
get smarter and the hardnesses become
more evolved, you need to be able to
have models that are on your side that
are small and effective at continuously
h being able to say now is the time this
is the action where I think someone
should take a closer look and that's why
on strains models for this purpose and
it's you know most of the hard things
that we're doing are in this space.
>> Yeah. You you and I actually both love
to play blitz chess and I I look at
Guardian as a system that's a little bit
analogous like it's not clear either of
us as going to be competitive with
Magnus in a real game. But if the if you
play if you play enough times with the
right data and all you have to do is
make intuitive decisions under time
pressure very very quickly, it's
actually a different game, right? And
and do you think do you think that makes
sense or am I reaching here?
>> Yeah, I actually I didn't think about
it, but yeah, there's a lot of analogies
because I think if you look at top chess
players in the world like most of the
moves that they make are intuitive. They
don't calculate forward. They've seen so
much games and they've played so much
games that they already have a good
sense of what is the right move and that
they're not taking too much risk here by
taking this move without calculating.
And then if you look at those games,
every once in a while they do stop for
suddenly a really long period of time to
just calculate forward a lot of options
because they know this is a critical
move in the game. There's risk. You need
to think through what you're doing and
you need to decide correctly. I think
that's very similar. It's the efficient
way to to to run computation, right? You
don't want to spend too much
intelligence
where you don't have to and you want to
spend a lot of intelligence
overwhelmingly a lot in situation where
there's high risk. You guys are a team
mostly based in Israel today. Um I think
the the world has accepted that there is
a cohort of amazing Israeli security
talent that comes out of you know the
military and offensive security and then
you know repeat repeat entrepreneurs
like you guys. I think the DNA at Onyx
is a little bit different here. Your
co-founder Gil came out of building
synthetic data and working at Nvidia.
like how do you what would you
characterize the like talent at Onyx as
particularly good at and then you know
are are people actually training
interesting frontier models in Israel
now?
>> So first of all I think Israel is is a
bit started maybe a bit late in the game
but is catching up quickly. So I think
there's now amazing companies in Israel
building world models building AI
infrastructure that's uh top of its
glass building chips. So I think Israel
in general is becoming uh very strong in
AI and we're proud to be a part of that
movement and I think you're right. Our
company has a a very mixed DNA between
cyber and AI which kind of reflects mind
and Gail's backgrounds. Most of the
people in our company, most of our
research engineering come from a unit in
the Israeli intelligence where we
actually deal with math and cyber and
the intersection thereof. And so I think
it it is also reflected in in kind of
the type of talent that we bring in. I
think it's important for a few reasons.
The first and foremost is that we want
to be more than just a security company
long term. We think that to solve this
problem well it's going to require deep
AI expertise but then that the problem
is not just cyber security. The problem
is how do we control advanced AI long
term and
that problem even if you just forget
about you know enterprise security and
the different gaps in various controls
that they currently have first
principles that problem just sounds very
important to me. So I think it will be
crucially important if you have AI
companies that are $10 trillion
companies. We think you want a company
that is not the vendor of the AI itself
to oversee and help you control what AI
is doing. [snorts] And we think that's
an opening that's you know a hundred
billion plus opening for a really
important company. Um, and then if you
think about what is what is going to
take uh to control advance that long
term, then we're just scratching the
surface because long term you're going
to have to also understand much better
what models are thinking, what models
are what's happening on the internals of
these models as they're operating. And
that's also a lot of where our research
is focused.
>> So the industry is um quite divided on
this issue. I I mean amongst the people
who think about whether or not uh
mechanistic interpretability or research
into better understanding models is is
possible like that's a question and it
uh so it's something you believe in.
>> We believe that
there's been a lot of strong progress in
that direction. We believe that
understanding the internal weights and
activations, what is the internal
structure, the mathematical structure of
these systems is going to be at least
part of the solution. And in many ways
we think that and this is maybe um you
know we'll only know when we get there
but we think that for our level of
intelligence it's kind of difficult to
understand
very quickly what is the internal
structure of a large language model what
is the internal structure of the way
>> you mean
>> our level like human intelligence or our
level of your model okay human
intelligence
>> oh yeah yeah I think Like yeah, exactly.
I think as as humans, it might still be
very difficult to understand what
weights and activations mean and maybe
mechanistic interpretability.
It seems like, oh, maybe that's too hard
or shouldn't be possible. But as we're
starting to have models that are much
smarter than us, at least in some
important ways, we think that uh we'll
be able to start cracking mechanistic
capability much more effectively.
And I and I think it's going to be
extremely rewarding. by the way
long-term uh for understanding in
intelligence in general like not just
overseeing but just understanding what
intelligence is how it works what's the
difference between the smarter model and
the less smart model
>> I completely agree that the opportunity
to understand and trust and secure and
govern um these super intelligent AIs is
a is a very large opportunity. Uh the if
we just scroll back today, the security
person in me says, "Well, then I have to
give you all the permissions and
understanding that I have to give these
companies too." Like how do you get
customers or you know the Fortune 100s
you're working with already um or you
know technives everybody cares about
their own security and business to trust
you now as a you like less than 100
people. Right.
>> Right. Um, I think it's one of those
things that should not be possible. So,
in theory, um, in theory, like there's
no reason why a Fortun 10 or 20 company
would work with us because, you know,
who are we? We're a 2-year-old company
or like a few people from uh, you know,
Pan, Matic, Cyber,
but
I think it it's an opening that only
happens when the pain is very strong. So
their pain is so strong that they're
going to say, "Oh my god, I just saw
this company come out of stealth, but
it's a problem that I have daily, so
I'll give them a call." And suddenly you
get inbound from these large customers,
which is of course like uh the best
thing you could hope for as a
entrepreneur.
And I think it it reflects in my opinion
their understanding that a lot of the
startups in this space are still small
and new, but there's going to be a huge
company here and we want to find the
right horse to bet on. So we're going to
take a look at these companies and
number two that if we don't do anything
then in a very short time this will
disable our business. At the end of the
day security people are in the business
of revenue preservation. They understand
that this is a between the tourists.
They want to partner with someone that's
promising and early rather than not
doing anything.
>> The other thing besides agent actions
across their surface area that every
CISO I know is freaking out about and
every engineering leader is freaking out
about is the um I would just describe it
as the uh plummeting cost of
vulnerability finding with these coding
tools.
>> Yes. And that has caused a number of
issues for vendors um uh uh that are are
being compromised like um how do you
think people should react to this other
issue?
>> I think mythos is is really like if you
if you took me 10 years ago automated
vulnerability research looked like a a
dream that would take 20 50 years to to
happen. H maybe it's because you know we
were doing a lot of that in the Israeli
intelligence and we like to pat oursel
on the shoulder of how difficult the job
is that we're doing but but it did look
really far and suddenly it's coming all
at once and so I think that first of all
the market is not overreacting I think
this is a huge change in what this means
for security teams if you're a pragmatic
security person today you you understand
that you need to move very quickly Your
strategy might look something like I
need to do the fastest quick fixes I can
to mitigate the immediate risk. So maybe
I'll invest in uh whatever the funers
that have been found. Let's try to to
mitigate for them whether it is through
patching or through mitigating controls.
H but then the real solution and every
security leader um at large enterprise
knows it is that we need to have the
foundational pieces in place to avoid
those risks and the foundational pieces
are we need to have identity as locked
down. We need to have um a firewall. We
need to have endpoint detection. And for
different asset classes in your
enterprise, for different parts of your
stack, there's a different foundational
security mechanism that you need in
place for the AI attack surface that you
now have or for the AIS in your company,
you also need a foundational security
and that's kind of the role we play in
that space. So if you're as part of your
preparation for Mythus level models and
and beyond, you're going to need a lot
of foundational
uh security tools to fortify your
different uh uh parts of the enterprise
and we're playing that part in the AI
space.
>> Do you have a point of view on the
phased rollout or controlled roll out
with glass swing and daybreak from from
Ant and OpenAI in this area? I don't
have a strong opinion, but I think it's
a on the one hand like if we knew that
there's not going to be anyone who's
going to release a method level model
soon, I think that would be great
because it gives enough time for to
prepare to build the knowhow to build
the playbooks to share that around in
the community and to make sure that
we're not starting to see airlines go
down and power plants go down and really
like disastrous effects that could
happen. The problem is that if anyone
gets to a mids level model earlier then
in retrospect it would look like a huge
mistake because we could have at least
given companies the choice to start
moving very quickly and give more
companies access to methus. Now they're
all vulnerable because you know there's
a Chinese model that's mythus level and
there's nothing they can do about it. So
I think hopefully we'll manage to do the
gradual roll out correctly. I would
really encourage that we expand the
amount of companies that get access to
this and make it much easier for people
to get. I would advise everyone to
assume that these models are coming
anyway. The only thing you can do right
now is to invest in these foundational
controls that will stop the downstream
effects of these vulnerabilities are
going to be found in their systems.
>> Do you see in um large enterprises
like any holdouts? Right. Uh, and I I
would say I actually haven't spent a
bunch of time talking to people about
this recently, but I remember a year and
a half, two years ago, there were large
companies that just said like, "We're
going to ban all of this stuff until
it's safe."
>> Yeah, I hardly see it anymore. I think
in the financial sector, there's some
companies that are more
uh opinionated on what they allow. They
still allow agents, but they're maybe
like more u granular as to like maybe
we're only going to allow these two
tools. I personally think that
the companies that are going to do well
are the companies that are going to
allow a lot of different tools because
the landscape is changing so quickly. If
you bet on OpenAI a year ago, that would
have been the safest bet in the world,
but suddenly Antropic has much better
models and better tools and potentially
a year from now there's someone else has
much better tools. So, uh, I think
there's a price to pay. But I think if
you're a large company, your risk
profile is and should be different.
Like, you know, when you're a startup,
you want to have your agents do
everything for you because you have
everything to gain and you have nothing
to lose. Where you're large, where JP
Morgan, you have so much to lose and you
can maybe take a bit more time to gain
what you can gain from AI. And by the
way, I you know JP Morgan is adopting AI
very quickly. I think it is okay for
companies to have a nuanced view the
bigger they are on on how they're
[clears throat] adopting AI.
>> How do you think about that question for
yourself like risk profile pace the
environment is changing very quickly um
and then you know uh you see a lot of
problems growing the the scope of the
product and the research thesis here is
already quite large. we are kind of in
luck in the AI security space because
yes there are a lot of vendors there's a
lot of new technologies that are coming
up but the but the two core pillars of
how 2026 AI works have not changed in
the last few years. So, we're still
using
largely
LLM foundation models that are not
entirely dissimilar to how they were a
few years back. And we're still building
agents in pretty much the same way where
we have an LLM decide what are the tool
calls that we're going to make and
generate those. And so that does allow a
company today like us to skate to a lot
of different applications that are
utilizing these two primitives
while still keeping the core technology
that we're developing fairly lean and
focused. Now, of course, there's always
a risk that tomorrow there's a
completely new
LLM paradigm that could happen or a
completely new agent paradigm that could
happen. And that's why we do try to, you
know, uh we have a
strong opinions loosely held about what
does that look like in 2027. We maybe
have a good picture for 2026, but for
2027,
we're very open-minded and we think
that's the right stance to be for the
next two years until we see what does
AGI ASI look like.
>> Do you see the set of problems you're
addressing trust in the models as um and
governance of them as something that the
labs could ever do or do you think it's
a structural thing? I I ask because the
number one question amongst the startup
ecosystem in the Bay Area today is you
know if you assume capability improves
or you know when the labs just gets
hungrier from their already currently
ambitious stance uh why wouldn't they do
this too and and so I I ask you the same
question
>> today if you if you're a private person
or if you're a security buyer there are
some places where you don't want to
trust the same person that you're buying
it from. So, you know, maybe, you know,
if you're buying a car, you're not going
to have the same guy that you're buying
it from certify that the car is good,
right? You're maybe going to have
someone else do it. And if you're a
security uh team, you're not going to
trust the vendor of a product to tell
you that this product is not going to
mess your environment. You're going to
want to have an independent party whose
whole business depends on telling you
that this thing is correct and being
right, this this thing is legitimate and
being right. So that's like there's the
buyer psychology in the space that I
think really goes in our favor and then
I think there's the core problems like
why are models even making mistakes? Why
are agents even making mistakes right so
that I would broadly categorize it into
two things one is you know there's the
jagged intelligence of these models and
there's like sometimes kind of very
silly mistakes that they make
and I think that problem will go away. I
think we're heading for much smarter
models that make less silly mistakes and
and our role is not going to be to
prevent silly mistakes. That will be
taken care of by the the model vendors
because they're very incentivized to do
it. Um, I think what is the other fast
growing category of things that we're
seeing models do wrong is places where
they're actually not making a thing that
is like a silly mistake, but more I
would say have a independent
uh, you would even say semi-aware or
semi-conscious h perspective on what
should happen and that perspective might
not always align with your perspective.
And I think that is a problem that we've
seen grow
hand inhand with models getting smarter.
Maybe just the the way it is that as you
get smarter you have more independent
thoughts and and more uh you're more
conscious and I think that problem is
actually seemingly very hard to tackle
today even for the large vendors. And
one of the key things that are making it
easier for us to understand and detect
these things versus the other vendors is
that
you know we're allowed to do certain
things that they're not. So for example,
we're allowed to look at a lot of
historical data of how these agents have
behaved. But enterprises today are not
willing to have anthropic or open AI
give that historical data because they
know these are very data companies that
will want to train on that data. And so
I think there are some ways in which you
are given more in which us we're given
more context uh and more latitude uh to
know if something is happening that is
wrong compared to the past compared to
how these agent typically behave and so
on that the vendors don't have and is
really important in in solving this
problem. And the last thing I'll say is
that you're not dealing with one vendor.
So, we're heading for a world where
there's a multitude of different vendors
for many reasons. You know, you're going
to have for cost reasons open source
models that people are going to use
because it's cheaper and you're going to
have um uh models that are better at
different tasks and at different cost uh
profiles. And so it is be going to be
unrealistic to expect all the vendors to
provide the same level of security
and to assume that as you're trying to
adopt technology very quickly especially
coming from new vendors that obviously
have not yet built out all of that. So I
think that these are the reasons why I
think it would be very difficult for
this problem to be just completely
solved by the large labs. Just to close
and also thinking about what you know
people in Silicon Valley or outside of
security may not know you're building
this from Tel Aviv right
>> I think one of the deepest adversarial
thinking benches in the world is is the
Israeli ecosystem 8200 whiz Armis Island
Denniso group right um what do you think
that the researchers engineers business
people in you know the tech ecosystem
outside of security and then in in the
labs in particular are are missing about
what what needs [clears throat] to
happen in security and you know
alignment which is what you're talking
about here. What is really important
when you're building security products
in general and I think what what people
in Israel have really good know is just
understand how security teams work
because at the end of the day no matter
what is the technical problem you're
solving you're building a tool for
people for an organization that
organization has a certain structure
there are certain teams there are
certain flow of responsibilities of
information and creating a product for
this audience that they they don't just
doesn't just solve the technical problem
but they actually love is really hard.
You need to really care about just the
dayto-day of these different functions
and you need to have people in your
ecosystems that have built products for
them in the past that
know them like they know their best
friend like they know what they do when
they step into the office in the morning
they drink their coffee. What are the
system they're opening? What is their
boss wanting from them? What are their
colleagues wanting from them? what are
they going to get praised for? What are
they going to get mad for? Then you need
to take that and make it as your
product. And I think that's I think
today one of the kind of really hard
things that people in Israel learned to
because they've had so much contact with
these buyers and and end users. And
yeah, I would just encourage people to
be much more curious about the
day-to-day of security people. And it's
a cliche
to say it, but these people are actually
saving us daily from attackers stealing
our money, taking our data, and they're
kind of keeping our way of life as it is
in this digital world. So, yeah, I think
more love to security teams around the
world.
>> I'm going to ask you to just square that
with something else you've told me,
Maxim, which is you're the most AGI pill
person I'm going to meet in in Israel.
embedded in what you said is a belief
that we will continue to have defensive
security teams
>> for some number of years. So you do
believe that
>> I do think that uh security teams are
also going to be become completely high
powered and but I do think that you know
they're going to be run by AI agents and
like everything else in in in kind of
the knowledge work space I would in the
in the near future but I do think that
it's important to be grounded and today
when I sell a product I sell it to a
human audience with a few agents and by
the way we also invest in making our
systems very convenient for agents to
use and
it's important that I focus on
delivering an amazing experience today
for people who buy the product today and
as that audience becomes more agents
than humans it will be important for us
to evolve and to make it work really
well for agents doing the work so I
think the core principle is the same we
need to really be minded of who is the
end user what is their experience for a
human it might be not overwhelming um
with too much information that is
irrelevant. For an agent, it might be
not wasting too many tokens in their
context when we talk to them. Maybe it's
the same thing really. So I think it's
important that uh we always remind them
that who's using the system and what
will be the best experience for them.
>> Awesome. Thanks so much for doing this
Maxim.
>> Appreciate it. Thank you very much.
>> Find us on Twitter at no prior pod.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you
want to see our faces. Follow the show
on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever
you listen. That way, you get a new
episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts for every
episode at no-briers.com.